I'll be right back Disney XD on Disney
Channel
this summer in a galaxy far far away the
fellas from Danville
phineas and ferb
Saturday July 26th at 9:00 on Disney
Channel it's Disney Channel's frozen
summer weekend it all starts on frozen
Friday with Ola get warmed up we say
come on Saturday we're singing along to
your favorite frozen songs and you can
too
it all leads up to Sunday with 26 Disney
stars gathered for do you want to build
a snowman Sunday we all know and love
the song it's unrepeatable I get in my
car you do not want to miss this big
event
songs stars it's like having a big giant
hangar well your friends anything can
happen anything it all happens during
Disney Channel's frozen summer weekend
Friday July 18 starting at 8 Disney
Channel
Best Western is a proud sponsor of
Disney Channel families come together
and imaginations run wild
come on bodies let's load up Disney's
planes Fire and Rescue is full of brave
heroes who do whatever it takes to keep
us safe who's your hero is it Dipper
with her can-do attitude no time she
will always be there to back you up I'm
away or maybe you should hang out with
the fun friendly smokejumpers
this tea has every tool they need to
save the day
they work hard and play harder maybe
blade in windlifter are your heroes
brace yourselves
these two helicopters are expert fliers
with attitude Ripoff is landing gear
wait what or could it be the newest
recruit the whales genius once a racer
and now a firefighter
he's never afraid
I could do this to face a new challenge
I find your hero once planes Fire and
Rescue soars into Peters
rated PG brand-new
Oh graves that ain't good
we check
the XD out-of-this-world weekend blast
off from Disney Channel what kind of
crazy place is this
space-age adventures including Disney XD
on Disney Channel three nights
only go breasts surprise entrance ever
one weekend starting Friday July 20
minute ease on Disney check and now back
to Disney XD on Disney Channel